“With an open mind, seek and listen to all the highest ideals. Consider the most enlightened thoughts. Then choose your path, person by person, each for oneself.” 
“Turn yourself not away from three best things: Good Thought, Good Word, and Good Deed.” 
“He who upholds Truth with all the might of his power,He who upholds Truth the utmost in his word and deed,He, indeed, is Thy most valued helper, O Mazda Ahura!” 
“All power is within you; you can do anything and everything. Believe in that, do not believe that you are weak; do not believe that you are half-crazy lunatics, as most of us do nowadays. You can do any thing and everything, without even the guidance of any one. Stand up and express the divinity within you.” 
“Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.” 
“Dare to be free, dare to go as far as your thought leads, and dare to carry that out in your life. ” 
“Be not Afraid of anything. You will do Marvelous work. it is Fearlessness that brings Heaven even in a moment.” 
“Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify.” 
“You have the right to work, but for the work's sake only. You have no right to the fruits of work. Desire for the fruits of work must never be your motive in working."
“You are what you believe in. You become that which you believe you can become”
“One who sees inaction in action, and action in inaction, is intelligent among men.” 
"We overestimate the amount of things to do in the short term and underestimate the amount of things we can do in the long run"
"Be fearless and pure"
“Work for work’s sake"
"Impatience with actions, patience with results"
"Enlivenment of purpose is supreme!"
"Twice as many decisions at half the precision"
"Neither avoid nor long."
"Work on your own creations and visions, life. Working on outsourced vision is death. (12.03.2021)"
"Am I prepared for the worst things ?"
"Did we earn our food today ?"
"We overestimate the amount of things to do in the short term,"
"and underestimate the amount of things we can do in the long run."
"If a man can work for five days or even for five minutes without any selfish motive whatsoever, without thinking of the heaven, the future or the punishment or anything of such kind, has in him the capacity to become a powerful moral giant."
"Be like melting snow, wash yourself of yourself"
"Invert, always invert!"
"A calm mind, a fit body and a loving house."
"Antifragile and dumb, than smart and fragile"
"Impatient with actions, patience with results"
"Are you loving what you do ?"
"Now is eternity."
"No matter where you go there you are."
"I am perfect."
"Kaal Kare So Aaj Kar, Aaj Kare So Ub. Pal Mein Pralaya Hoyegi, Bahuri Karoge Kub"
"Keep touch with the Tao (do long term activities 5-20-50 years, deep, boring and time consuming activities)"
"Would we do it if it were the last day on earth?"
"train and sprint, then rest and reassess."
"Are we looking into the eyes of the nakedness of life, the death and the void ?"
"The way to freedom is by avoiding the trap of upgrading your lifestyle every time you make more money"
"Intense activity in the greatest silence, and greatest silence while intense activity"
"What am I doing --> With whom am I doing --> Where am I doing --> How am I doing it."
"The quality of your life depends on the number of uncomfortable conversations you are willing to have."
"Make errors, iterate and solve."
"Secrets are a proxy to intimacy."
"You fall to the highest level of your preparation."
"Where your fear is, therein your task is"